name "Druid"

add "Summon" 0.5 1
add "SummonElemental" 0 3
add "ImprovedSummon"  1 3

connect 0.5 1 TwoDown
connect 0 2 OneDown
connect 0 2 Through
connect 1 2 OneDown
connect 1 2 Through

add "Tanglefoot"    3.0 0
add "CrushingVines" 2.0 1
add "DeadlyVines"   3.0 3
add "Root"          4.0 4

connect 3.0 0 ThreeDown
connect 3.0 1 Through
connect 3.0 1 OneDown
connect 3.0 2 Through
connect 3.0 2 OneDown
connect 4.0 1 Through
connect 4.0 1 OneDown
connect 4.0 2 Through
connect 4.0 2 OneDown
connect 4.0 3 Through
connect 4.0 3 OneDown

add "Chameleon" 5.5 1
add "MassChameleon" 5.0 3
add "ImprovedChameleon" 6.0 3

connect 5.5 1 TwoDown
connect 5.0 2 Through
connect 5.0 2 OneDown
connect 6.0 2 Through
connect 6.0 2 OneDown

add "Cure"          7.0 0
add "Regeneration"  7.0 2
add "MonstrousRegeneration" 7.0 4

connect 7 0 OneDown
connect 7 1 Through
connect 7 1 OneDown
connect 7 2 OneDown
connect 7 3 Through
connect 7 3 OneDown

add "LayerOfBark" 8.0 3
