playerSelectable true
baseRole true
defaultPlayerAttributeSelections 8 3 3 0 0 0

icon "icons/warrior"

damageBonusPerLevel 5
attackBonusPerLevel 5

SkillPointsPerLevel 5

HPPerLevel 5
level1HP 15

level 1 addAbility ProficiencyLightArmor
level 1 addAbility ProficiencyMediumArmor
level 1 addAbility ProficiencyHeavyArmor
level 1 addAbility ProficiencyShields
level 1 addAbility ProficiencyTowerShields

level 1 addAbility ProficiencyAxes
level 1 addAbility ProficiencyMaces
level 1 addAbility ProficiencyBows
level 1 addAbility ProficiencyHammers
level 1 addAbility ProficiencyLargeSwords
level 1 addAbility ProficiencySimpleWeapons
level 1 addAbility ProficiencySmallSwords
level 1 addAbility ProficiencySpears

level  1 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level  3 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level  4 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level  6 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level  7 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level  9 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 10 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 12 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 13 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 15 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 16 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 18 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 19 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 21 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 22 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 24 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 25 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 27 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 28 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 30 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 31 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 33 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 34 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 36 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 37 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 39 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 40 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 42 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 43 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 45 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 46 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 48 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 49 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 51 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 52 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 54 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 55 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 57 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
level 58 selectAbilityFromList Warrior
